Update links in readme. (#5411)
containous/traefik: README.md

---

> :warning: Please be aware that the old configurations for Traefik v1.X are NOT compatible with the v2.X config as of now. If you're testing out v2, please ensure you are using a [v2 configuration](https://docs.traefik.io/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:warning: Please be aware that the old configurations for Traefik v1.X are NOT compatible with the v2.X config as of now. If you're running v2, please ensure you are using a [v2 configuration](https://docs.traefik.io/).
```

## Introductory Videos

> :warning: Please be aware that these videos are for v1.X. The old configurations for Traefik v1.X are NOT compatible with Traefik v2. If you're testing out v2, please ensure you are using a [v2 configuration](https://docs.traefik.io/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:warning: Please be aware that these videos are for v1.X. The old configurations for Traefik v1.X are NOT compatible with Traefik v2. If you're running v2, please ensure you are using a [v2 configuration](https://docs.traefik.io/).
```
